Add virtual fields vs. ingest-time parsing section (#535)
axiomhq/docs: query-data/virtual-fields.mdx

Virtual fields can be used for segmentation in the same way as any standard field.

## Virtual fields vs. ingest-time parsing

When deciding how to structure your data, it's important to understand the trade-offs between using virtual fields (query-time parsing) and parsing fields at ingest time.

### When to use virtual fields

Virtual fields are ideal when:

- You need flexibility to experiment with different data transformations.
- Your query patterns are still evolving and you're not sure which fields you'll need.
- You want to derive new fields without re-ingesting historical data.
- The fields are used infrequently or for ad-hoc analysis.

### When to parse at ingest time

For high-performance use cases, parsing fields at ingest time is often the better choice:

> - **Query performance**: Virtual fields re-parse data on every query execution. For frequently queried fields, especially during incident response when teams run many ad-hoc queries, this adds latency. Parsed fields at ingest time are pre-indexed and faster to query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Query performance**: Virtual fields re-parse data on every query execution. For frequently queried fields, especially during incident response when teams run many ad-hoc queries, this adds latency. Parsed fields at ingest time reduce your storage and query hours usage.
```
